Add Client SDK Deprecation Policy (#258)
braintree/braintree-ios-drop-in: README.md

**The Braintree iOS Drop-In SDK requires Xcode 12+**. It permits a deployment target of iOS 12.0 or higher.

## Table of Contents

1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
1. [Documentation](#documentation)
1. [Demo App](#demo)
1. [Help](#help)

> 1. [Feedback](#feedback)

Reviewer: Should we add the Versions and License sections here?

Start with [**'Hello, Client!'**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/start/hello-client) for instructions on basic setup and usage.

## Versions

> This SDK abides by our Client SDK Deprecation Policy. For more information on the potential statuses of an SDK check our [developer docs](http://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/client-sdk/deprecation-policy).

Reviewer 2: ![abides](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22104233/104608487-9062e880-5647-11eb-9988-7e98ce9108ab.gif)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This SDK abides by our Client SDK Deprecation Policy. For more information on the statuses of an SDK, check our [developer docs](http://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/client-sdk/deprecation-policy).[Minimum supported versions](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/client-sdk/setup/ios/#requirements) are also available in our developer docs.
```

Reviewer 2: One note about my suggested changes - these link to the minimum supported version of the Core SDK. I'm wondering if we should use the link to Drop-In's [setup page](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/drop-in/setup-and-integration/ios/v5#setup) instead. Only think if the Drop-In setup page doesn't mention minimum supported versions... maybe we should update that.

Author: Good call - I added a JIRA (#DTBTSDK-720) to update the Drop-In Developer Docs with the minimum supported versions. 

Once we do - we can make this change to the README. How does that sound, and we add that in a later PR?

| Major version number | Status | Released | Deprecated | Unsupported |
| -------------------- | ------ | -------- | ---------- | ----------- |

> | 9.x.x | Beta | March 2021 | TBA | TBA |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 9.x.x | Beta | TBA | TBA | TBA |
```

Should we just put TBA for the v9 release date? Or omit it for now and add it when we actually do a beta release?
